ARTICLE XXXII
                                           SYSTEM ARBITRATION
Section 1.       Jurisdiction and Authority.
      The NBA and the Players Association shall agree upon a System Arbitrator, who shall (except as otherwise
specifically provided by Article VII, Section 3(d)(5) above) have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any and all
disputes arising under Articles VII, VIII, X, XI, XII, XIII, XIV, XV, XVI, XXXVII, XXXIX, and XL of this
Agreement, and those made subject to his jurisdiction by Sections 9 and 10 of this Article.
Section 2.       Initiation.
      (a) Subject to Article XIV, Section 6, System Arbitrations may be initiated, as set forth below, only by the
NBA or the Players Association.
      (b) No party may initiate a System Arbitration until and unless it has first discussed the matter with the other
party in an attempt to settle it.
      (c) A System Arbitration must be initiated within three (3) years from the date of the act or omission upon
which the System Arbitration is based, or within three (3) years from the date upon which such act or omission
became known or reasonably should have become known to the party initiating the System Arbitration,
whichever is later.
      (d) Either       the       NBA       or        the    Players       Association        may        initiate     a
System           Arbitration       by         filing      written        notice         thereof       with         the
System Arbitrator and serving a copy of such notice on the other party.
Section 3.       Hearings.
      The System Arbitrator shall hold hearings on alleged violations of the Articles set forth in Section 1 above.
Except as otherwise provided in Article XI, Section 6(i) and Sections 9 and 10 below, awards issued by the
System Arbitrator shall be subject to review by the Appeals Panel, in the manner and in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Sections 3 and 5 of this Article XXXII.
      (a) The System Arbitrator shall make findings of fact and award appropriate relief including, without
limitation, damages and specific performance. The System Arbitrator shall render an award as soon as
practicable, and shall set forth the basis for such award in a written opinion that either accompanies the award or
is issued within a reasonable time thereafter. In no event shall either the award or the written decision be issued
more than thirty (30) days following the date upon which the record of a System Arbitration proceeding is closed
(or, where applicable, the date designated by the System Arbitrator for the submission of post-hearing briefs).
      (b) The System Arbitrator shall have authority to order the production of documents, the conduct of pre-
hearing depositions, and the attendance of witnesses at the hearing with respect to the NBA and the Players
Association, and/or any player or Team. The System Arbitrator shall have the authority to compel the attendance
of witnesses and the production of documents at any hearing within the jurisdiction of the System Arbitrator in
accordance with the New York C.P.L.R.(c) Awards of the System Arbitrator shall upon their issuance constitute full, final and complete disposition
of the dispute, shall be binding upon the parties to this Agreement and upon any player(s) or Team(s) involved,
and shall be followed by them unless (in cases where this Agreement provides for an appeal to the Appeals
Panel)
a notice of appeal is served by the appealing party upon the responding party and filed with the System Arbitrator
within ten (10) days of the date of the award of the System Arbitrator appealed from. If and when an award of the
System Arbitrator is reversed or modified by the Appeals Panel, the effect of such reversal or modification shall
be deemed by the parties to be retroactive to the time of issuance of the award of the System Arbitrator. The
parties may seek appropriate relief to effectuate and enforce this provision.
      (d) The System Arbitrator shall not have jurisdiction or authority to add to, detract from, or alter in any way
the provisions of this Agreement or any Player Contract.
Section 4.      Costs Relating to System Arbitration.
      The compensation of the System Arbitrator and the costs and expenses incurred in connection with any
proceeding brought before the System Arbitrator shall be borne equally by the parties to this Agreement;
provided, however, that each participant in such proceeding shall bear its own attorneys' fees and litigation costs.
Section 5.      Procedure for System Arbitration.
      All matters before the System Arbitrator shall be heard and determined in an expedited manner, provided
that such expedition is reasonable under the circumstances. A proceeding may be commenced upon seventy-two
(72) hours' written notice (or upon shorter notice if ordered by the System Arbitrator) served upon the party
against whom the proceeding is brought and filed with the System Arbitrator. All such notices and all orders and
notices issued and directed by the System Arbitrator shall be served on the NBA, counsel for the NBA, the
Players Association, counsel for the Players Association, and any counsel appearing for individual NBA players
or individual NBA Teams. In any proceeding commenced pursuant to Article XIV, Section 6, the Players
Association (on its own behalf and/or on behalf of a player) and the NBA (on its own behalf and/or on behalf of a
Team) shall have the right to participate.
Section 6.      Selection of System Arbitrator.
      In the event that the Players Association and the NBA cannot agree on the identity of a System Arbitrator,
the parties shall jointly request the Center for Public Resources (or such other organization(s) as the parties may
have agreed upon) to submit to the parties a list of eleven (11) attorneys (none of whom shall have, nor whose
firm shall have, represented within the past five years players; player agents; labor organizations representing
athletes; sports leagues, governing bodies, or their affiliates; sports teams or their affiliates; or owners in any
professional sport). If the parties cannot within seven (7) days from the receipt of such list agree to the identity of
the System Arbitrator from among the names on such list, they shall return said list, with up to five names deleted
therefrom by each party, to the Center for Public Resources (or such other organization as the parties may have
agreed upon), which shall choose from the remaining names on the list the identity of the System Arbitrator. The
first System Arbitrator selected under the provisions of this Agreement shall serve until December 1, 1999.
Thereafter the System Arbitrator shall serve for continually renewing two-year terms unless notice of termination
is given either by the NBA or by the Players Association. Notice of termination of the System Arbitrator shall be
given to the other party, and to the System Arbitrator at least forty-five (45) days preceding the end of any term.
Following the giving of such notice, a new System Arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this paragraph. The System Arbitrator whose term has ended shall continue to hear all disputes filed
prior to the date of the appointment of a new System Arbitrator.
Section 7.      Selection of Appeals Panel.There shall be a three-member Appeals Panel for each appeal noticed from an award of the System
Arbitrator. In the event the Players Association and the NBA cannot agree upon the members of such a panel, the
parties will jointly request the Center for Public Resources (or such other organization(s) as the parties may
agree) to submit to the parties a list of fifteen (15) attorneys (none of whom shall have, nor whose firm shall
have, represented within the past five (5) years players; player agents; labor organizations representing athletes;
sports leagues, governing bodies, or their affiliates; sports teams or their affiliates; or owners in any professional
sport). If the parties cannot within seven (7) days from the receipt of such list agree to the identity of the Appeals
Panel from among the names on such list, they shall meet and alternate striking one (1) name at a time from the
list until three (3) names on the list remain. The three (3) remaining names on the list shall comprise the Appeals
Panel for that particular appeal. The compensation of the members of the Appeals Panel and the costs of
proceedings before the Appeals Panel shall be borne equally by the parties to this Agreement; provided, however,
that each participant in an Appeals Panel proceeding shall bear its own attorneys' fees and litigation costs.
Section 8.       Procedure Relating to Appeals of Determination by the System Arbitrator.
      (a) Any party seeking to appeal (in whole or in part) an award of the System Arbitrator must serve on the
other party and file with the System Arbitrator a notice of appeal, within ten (10) days of the date of the award
appealed from. The timely service and filing of a notice of appeal shall automatically stay the award of the
System Arbitrator pending resolution by the Appeals Panel.
      (b) Following the timely service and filing of a notice of appeal, the NBA and the Players Association shall
attempt to agree upon a briefing schedule. In the absence of such agreement, the briefing schedule shall be set by
the Appeals Panel; provided, however, that any party seeking to appeal (in whole or in part) from an award of the
System Arbitrator shall be afforded no less than fifteen (15) and no more than twenty-five (25) days from the date
of the issuance of such award, or the date of the issuance of the System Arbitrator's written opinion, or the date
upon which the members of the Appeals Panel have been selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 7,
whichever is latest, to serve on the opposing party and file with the Appeals Panel its brief in support thereof; and
provided further that the responding party or parties shall be afforded the same aggregate amount of time to serve
and file its or their responding brief(s). The Appeals Panel shall schedule oral argument on the appeal(s) no less
than five (5) and no more than ten (10) days following the service and filing of the responding brief(s), and shall
issue a written decision within thirty (30) days from the date of argument.
      (c) The Appeals Panel shall review the findings of fact and conclusions of law made by the System
Arbitrator using the standards of review employed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The
decision of the Appeals Panel shall constitute full, final, and complete disposition of the dispute, and shall be
binding upon the parties to this Agreement and upon any player(s) or Team(s) involved.
Section 9.       Special Procedure for Disputes with Respect to Interim Audit Reports.
      (a) Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Agreement, at the request of either the NBA or the
Players Association, and irrespective of which party may commence the proceeding, the procedures set forth in
this Section 9 shall apply to the resolution of any disputes with respect to an Interim Audit Report, including but
not limited to disputes concerning any Escrow Information set forth in an Interim Audit Report. If in connection
with such disputes, there is any conflict between the procedures set forth in this Section 9 and those set forth
elsewhere in this Agreement, the procedures set forth in this Section shall control.(b) A proceeding before the System Arbitrator shall be commenced, in the manner provided for by Sections
2(d) and 5 of this Article XXXII, no more than thirty (30) days following the delivery by the Accountants of the
Interim Audit Report with respect to any dispute or claim concerning (i) the amount(s) of BRI or Total Salaries
(or portions thereof) as to which the Accountants have completed their review and which is the subject of a good
faith     dispute     between      the    parties,   (ii)  the    amount(s)     of    BRI     or    Total  Salaries
(or portions thereof) as to which the Accountants have not completed their review and with respect to which the
parties have a good faith disagreement, (iii) such Escrow Information as is included in the Interim Audit Report
as to which the parties have a good faith disagreement and/or (iv) all other disputes (including but not limited to
disputes over the amounts and includability of any revenues or expenses included or excluded from the Interim
Audit Report) of which the parties were aware or reasonably should have been aware, at the time the proceeding
was commenced, based upon the contents of the BRI Reports, the Draft Audit Report or Interim Audit Report or
other documents or writings provided to the parties by the Accountants in connection with their BRI audit.
      (c) A party's failure to commence a proceeding before the System Arbitrator within the thirty-day (30)
period provided for by subsection (b) above with respect to the disputes or claims enumerated in that subsection
shall forever bar that party from asserting or seeking relief of any kind for any such dispute or claim; provided,
however, that the provisions of subsection (b) above and this subsection (c) shall not bar a party from
commencing a proceeding before the System Arbitrator and seeking appropriate relief, subject to the limitations
imposed by Section 2 of this Article XXXII:
           (i)   With respect to a dispute or claim concerning an Interim Audit Report as to which such party was
                 not aware or reasonably should not have been aware, based upon the materials referred to in
                 subsection (b) above, during the thirty-day (30) period following the delivery of such Interim
                 Audit Report; or
           (ii) With respect to any dispute or claim relating to a subsequent Salary Cap Year, including but not
                 limited to any dispute concerning the includability or non-includability in BRI of a category or
                 type of revenue or the allowance or disallowance of a category or type of expense, without regard
                 to whether, based upon the materials referred to in subsection (b) above (other than a BRI Report,
                 Draft Audit Report or Interim Audit Report), the party was or reasonably should have been aware
                 of such dispute or claim during the thirty-day (30) period following the delivery of such Interim
                 Audit Report.
           (iii) Subject to subsection (c)(ii) above, no determination made by the System Arbitrator or the
                 Appeals Panel (as the case may be) in a proceeding commenced pursuant to subsections (c)(i) or
                 (ii) above shall affect any calculations made pursuant to Article VII, Section 12.
      (d) Where a hearing before the System Arbitrator is provided for by this Section 9, such hearing shall be
conducted within fifteen (15) days from the commencement of the proceeding, and the System Arbitrator shall
render an award and issue a written decision as soon as possible, but in no event later than fifteen (15) days
following the close of the hearing. Where a right to appeal from the System Arbitrator's award is provided for by
this Section 9, any party seeking to appeal (in whole or in part) from such an award shall serve and file a notice
of appeal therefrom within five (5) days from the date of such award and shall serve and file its brief in support
of such appeal within fifteen (15) days from the date of the System Arbitrator's award or within five (5) days
from the date upon which the members of the Appeals Panel have been selected, whichever is later. The party
opposing such appeal shall serve and file its brief in opposition within ten (10) days following its receipt of the
brief in support of the appeal. The Appeals Panel shall schedule oral argument at its discretion, but shall issue a
written decision within twenty (20) days following its receipt of the brief from the party opposing the appeal.(e) Any dispute concerning the amounts (as opposed to the includability) of any revenues or expenses to be
included in an Interim Audit Report (hereinafter referred to as "Disputed Adjustments") shall, whenever such
Disputed Adjustments for all Teams are adverse to the party asserting the dispute in an aggregate amount of less
than \$5 million for any Season covered by this Agreement, be resolved by the Accountants; and the
determination of the Accountants shall constitute full, final and complete disposition of the dispute and shall be
binding upon the parties to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Disputed Adjustments that
involve the interpretation, validity or application of this Agreement shall be resolved by the System Arbitrator
and shall be appealable to the Appeals Panel in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) above.
      (f) If the Disputed Adjustments for all Teams are adverse to the party asserting the dispute in an aggregate
amount of \$5 million or more but less than \$10 million for any Season covered by this Agreement, the
determination of the System Arbitrator shall constitute full, final and complete disposition of the dispute and
shall be binding upon the parties to this Agreement, and there shall be no appeal to the Appeals Panel.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Disputed Adjustments that involve the interpretation, validity or application
of this Agreement shall be resolved by the System Arbitrator and shall be appealable to the Appeals Panel in
accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) above.
      (g) If the Disputed Adjustments for all Teams are adverse to the party asserting the dispute in an aggregate
amount of \$5 million or more but less than \$10 million for any Season covered by this Agreement, and if the
party asserting such dispute does not prevail before the System Arbitrator, then that party shall pay all of the fees
and expenses of the System Arbitrator and the reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, of the
other party for its defense of the proceeding, provided, however, that if each party has asserted a dispute upon
which it has not prevailed, all such fees, expenses and costs shall be borne in the manner provided for by Section
4 of this Article.
      (h) All other disputes involving an Interim Audit Report (including but not limited to disputes over the
amounts and includability of any revenues or expenses to be included in such Reports) and the Escrow
Information shall be resolved by the System Arbitrator and shall be appealable to the Appeals Panel in
accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) above.
Section 10. Special Procedure for Disputes with Respect to the Escrow Schedules.
      (a) Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Agreement, the procedures set forth in this Section
10 shall apply to the resolution of any disputes with respect to the Escrow Schedules described in Article VII,
Section 12. If in connection with such disputes, there is any conflict between the procedures set forth in this
Section 10 and those set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, the procedures set forth in this Section shall control.
      (b) In the event of any dispute with respect to the Escrow Schedules, the proceeding before the System
Arbitrator shall be commenced, in the manner provided for by Sections 2(d) and 5 of this Article XXXII no more
than seven (7) days following the transmittal to the Players Association of any of such schedules.
      (c) The       hearing      before      the       System         Arbitrator     with       respect      to      a
dispute concerning the Escrow Schedules shall be conducted within ten (10) days following the commencement
of the proceeding and the briefs of the parties, if any, shall be filed before the opening of the hearing on a date or
dates set by the System Arbitrator. The hearing shall be conducted on an expedited basis and, unless the parties
otherwise agree or a party demonstrates that such limitation will result in undue prejudice, will not last longer
than two (2) full days.(d) If in connection with the Escrow Schedules, there is no dispute between the NBA and the Players
Association as to the Projected Aggregate Compensation Adjustment Amount, but there is a claim asserted by the
Players Association concerning the calculation made with respect to an individual player's Escrow Amount, the
Players Association shall provide the NBA with a written proposal as to how the Escrow Amount of such
individual player and of other players should be adjusted. If the NBA rejects that proposal, such claim shall be
resolved by the System Arbitrator. The determination of the System Arbitrator shall constitute full, final and
complete disposition of the dispute and shall be binding upon the parties to this Agreement and any player(s)
involved, and there shall be no appeal to the Appeals Panel.
     (e) If in connection with the Escrow Schedules, there is a dispute between the NBA and the Players
Association as to the Projected Aggregate Compensation Adjustment Amount and the amount in controversy is
\$2,500,000 or less, the determination of the System Arbitrator shall constitute full, final and complete disposition
of the dispute and shall be binding upon the parties to this Agreement, and there shall be no appeal to the Appeals
Panel. If with respect to such dispute the amount in controversy is more than \$2,500,000, either party may appeal
a determination of the System Arbitrator to the Appeals Panel.
     (f) If in connection with the Escrow Schedules, there is a dispute between the NBA and the Players
Association with respect to any matter other than as described in subsections (d) and (e) above, the determination
of the System Arbitrator shall constitute full, final and complete disposition of the dispute and shall be binding
upon the parties to this Agreement, and any player(s) involved, and there shall be no appeal to the Appeals Panel.
     (g) In connection with any dispute concerning the Escrow Schedules, the System Arbitrator shall render an
award and issue a written decision as soon as possible, but in no event later than ten (10) days following the close
of the hearing. When the award is issued, the System Arbitrator shall set forth the basis therefore either in a
written opinion or orally at a conference with the parties (which conference may be conducted by telephone) of
which a stenographic record shall be made. Any party seeking to appeal (in whole or in part) from an award of
the System Arbitrator rendered pursuant to subsection (e) above shall serve and file a notice of appeal therefrom
within two (2) business days from the date of such award. The party seeking to appeal shall serve and file its brief
in support of such appeal within ten (10) days from the date of the System Arbitrator's award or within three (3)
days from the date upon which the members of the Appeals Panel have been selected, whichever is later. The
party opposing such appeal shall serve and file its brief in opposition within ten (10) days following its receipt of
the brief in support of the appeal. The Appeals Panel shall schedule oral argument at its discretion, but shall issue
a written decision within twenty (20) days following its receipt of the brief from the party opposing the appeal.